hello everyone welcome to the channel
Sasha I am a programmer in this video
video I would like to tell about
such topics as earnings for
programmer something after work that
only part-time question is it possible
programmer coming home from work yet
somehow work short
the answer is yes of course you can and
programming is one of those
specialty which allows you to sit
houses
Earn Money
exists first I can say that
opportunity a bit and basically i'm not
I can say that most
programmers but big enough
number of programmers
earn extra money
probably from my friends every third
He after something else does something
what brings him money
there are options
bots means number one option
can register on sites for
freelancers
On these sites are customers who are
who are looking for freelancers also sit
freelancers looking for opportunities
earn here start one on these sites
lot
there are sites Russian-speaking sites
English-speaking as a rule rate and much
higher on english sites
here are the leaders of such sites land
the leaders in their industry are sites
elance.com and from esc.
here is also a number of niche sites i am
I never remember them again
enjoyed but Odessa lance I have
account I have some experience
with with these platforms
mean what's going on
out customer eat customers and by
the fact that you post your resume on
this site and you most often you are the initiators
communication with the client that means you are a client
write here you have open
position I think I am a man who
can
submit for this position here passes
interview and let's say in case
you have been interviewed and a client of you
hired to work
that there are two options
cooperation
option number one customer pays you
work based on the hourly rate so
called village ubiyst brochure means to
In this case, as a rule, you
here it is a platform for freelancers
she gives you
What kind of software sales program in which
which tracks quantities
hours worked on odesk and this software
serious enough means that
happens you put this program and
there when you start working you
push a certain button goes
time record means I will
talk about odesk because about
others do not know she is Odessa every
ten minutes goes by
screenshot of your desktop considering
that the client does not see what you are doing and
slightly so that you will watch a movie
talk about it that you work here
so every 10 minutes happens
screenshot of your desktop and
considering that you can match
clearly when 10 minutes pass you can
guess and switch ie you
you can watch a movie for 9 minutes
tenth minute you can work for
in order to
These problems were not this is now the
screenshot it happens a random moment
that's why there is a lot of time
as if there are various dexters who are
This is what the program does not do for
order to maximize security
customer from this kind of deception and so
so you clicked the button went
time has gone
all this time goes to this odesk system and
Then there are certain days when
the client comes the account which he should
pay all and have a defect come on
Based on the time you
this spoiled that is
which you asked this this through here
this application and
I think on the disk it happens two
times a month
I mean, if you send customers
pay you get this money here
I mean there is still the commission of the disk itself
in my opinion I have a percent I did not remember
15 people I have I do not remember very well,
in short, here it takes this commission and
then the remaining amount he transfers to you
on the card this card you can
shoot means all the same points you can
withdraw money they come currency means
option number two is you can
subscribe to the fix price project here you
obviously risk because the client in
principle can endlessly long you
says that the project is not in the body and format
of this line what are you doing
the project you give it to a client
accepts customers and only at the end
this client you get paid the amount that
you told him
there is at the time of the start of cooperation you
say it means this project will be
done in 2 weeks and 2 weeks my work
cost two thousand dollars here and you
work two weeks you hand over the project
to the client and if he agreed that
the project is done so he wanted you get paid
2000 dollars but it turns out that you
obviously risk that the client can very
long to tell you that this is not the same
it is not and you will work
correct these problems you will
spend a lot of time talking to
client and the project cost will remain
same 2000
that is why there is clearly a risk but it
form of cooperation also takes place
be
That's why something like this is probably all
what I wanted to tell everyone thanks for
scheme to give